source/_career_manifesto.html.md, before:

# Career Objectives

## role i am seeking

Senior / Staff Software Engineer

- full time direct hire
- not a leadership role, but senior individual contributor that can lead by example and mentoring others
- I love helping people level up

## desired outcomes

**Primary:** seeking a culture that is supportive of learning, sharing knowledge, skills, product info, and discussions to promote mutual and systemic growth in ability to deliver the product

**Secondary:** seeking a company that promotes the idea that people can bring however much of themselves  to what they do without feeling squashed, marginalized, or abused. 

- Along with this, the company actively reaches out to the employees and communities within which it exists to proactively ensure no harm comes to the most vulnerable and all people can see representation across the business.

- The company is concerned more with quality, sustainability, managed experimentation, with a focus on operationalizing, reliability, scalability, and extensibility, rather than just a feature factory or a total flypaper app.

## constraints

I must be fully remote, with no expectation of ever coming into the office.

- This requires the support of management and coworkers to ensure I’m included in meetings and information exchanged

**Characteristics:** 

- a small company, under 500
- on the IPO track, funded sufficiently, plenty of runway
- a company that already knows what it's business and value proposition is
- digital/remote first, asynchronous
- No Java stack, if possible

## salary

- $160-$200,000 base annual
- not seeking equity

Commit message:

get career manifesto / intro in the right place

source/_career_manifesto.html.md, after:


## role i am seeking

Senior / Staff Software Engineer

- full time direct hire
- not a management role, but an engineering technical leader that can mentor and guide others with architecture, direction, coaching, pairing, and discussions
- I love helping people level up

## desired outcomes

**Primary:** seeking a culture that is supportive of learning, sharing knowledge, skills, product info, and discussions to promote mutual and systemic growth in ability to deliver the product

**Secondary:** seeking a company that promotes the idea that people can bring however much of themselves  to what they do without feeling squashed, marginalized, or abused. 

- Along with this, the company actively reaches out to the employees and communities within which it exists to proactively ensure no harm comes to the most vulnerable and all people can see representation across the business.

- The company is concerned more with quality, sustainability, managed experimentation, with a focus on operationalizing, reliability, scalability, and extensibility, rather than just a feature factory or a total flypaper app.

## constraints

I must be fully remote, with no expectation of ever coming into the office.

- This requires the support of management and coworkers to ensure I’m included in meetings and information exchanged

**Characteristics:** 

- a small company, under 500 (an engineering department in a larger company is great)
- on the IPO track, funded sufficiently, plenty of runway
- a company that already knows what it's business and value proposition are
- digital/remote first, asynchronous
- I love working with Rails, Postgresql, and JavaScript, including several frameworks; no Java or PHP, please

## salary

- $150-$200,000 base annual
- not especially seeking equity
